
25-Sep-82 13:16 Rudy Nedved at CMU-10A ARPANET down on October 1st.
On Saturday October 1st, from 12:00 to 16:00 EDT, the entire ARPANET
will not forward NCP traffic and will only forward TCP traffic.

In other words, the ARPANET service for CMUC, CMUA and CMUB will not
work during this short four hour time period.

ARPANET connections established before this time period will either
timeout or be aborted. EtherNet, DECNet and Front End service will
be unaffected. ARPANET mail service will be delayed for at least four
hours.

=

25-Sep-82 14:12 Rudy Nedved at CMU-10A ARPANET down.
Correction: October 1st is a Friday. I thought the ARPANET people
were going to be nice about it and disable NCP during the weekend.

=

02-Oct-82 10:35 David Lamb at CMU-10A DOD Arpanet newsletter
DOD Arpanet Newsletter #16 appears as TEMP:ANWS16.TXT[C410DL10]
on CMUA and /usr/lamb/anws16.txt on CMUG. This note talks about
the cutover to IP/TCP on January 1, 1983. I copied it from
the SCORE bboard.

=

[... GAP from 21-Oct-82 to 25-Nov-82 ... ]

10-Dec-82 11:26 Howard Wactlar at CMU-10A Mail service problems
As a result of the new ARPAnet protocols going into place by
January 1, many installations, including CMU, have been
extending and reimplementing their mail programs and servers.
Until adequately debugged, some of these will produce ill-formed,
truncated, and misdirected mail. If you should be the recipient
of such you should inform both GRIPE and the individual who
is identified as the sender. You should forward the message
without change as long as its content is not considered to be
confidential. Your cooperation will help stabilize the network
in the minimum of time.

=

12-Dec-82 19:58 Rudy Nedved at CMU-10A ArpaNet experiment 13-Dec-82
On Monday, 13-Dec-82, the ArpaNet Management will conduct a 48-hour
TCP-only (new protocol) experiment. For the entire two days, NCP
packets (old protocol) will be rejected by the IMPs. The standard
network communication services (mail, ftp, telnet) will be affected
as follows: communication with NCP-only hosts will be completely
unavailable; communication with TCP hosts will continue to be
available from CMU-CS-A and CMU Unix sites only; communication
between the CMU sites will continue to be available via the local
ethernet.

Communication services on CMU-CS-A will be mail to and from TCP hosts
and TCP telnet from TCP hosts only.

=

23-Dec-82 18:49 Howard Wactlar at CMU-CS-A CMU IP/TCP Status
As of January 1, 1982, a new Internet and Transmission Control Protocol
(IP/TCP) will go into effect on the ARPAnet as a replacement for the
Network Control Protocol (NCP) currently in use. After this date any
hosts not yet implementing the new protocol will effectively go off of
the network. The result of adopting the new protocols, however, is the
formation of a new ARPA Internet consisting of many current ARPAnet
hosts along with a large number of new systems on local networks at the
various ARPA sites. The local CMU-CS/RI 3Mb ethernet is attached to
the ARPA Internet via a PDP-11/40 "gateway" system (CMU-GATEWAY) which
is connected to both our ethernet and the ARPAnet and which routes
packets back and forth between the two.
.
The state of IP/TCP support on the various CS/RI operating systems
is as follows:
.
Vax/UNIX: Fully supported using IP/TCP software imported from BBN. This
includes MAIL, TELNET and FTP service.
.
TOPS-10: Partially supported. MAIL and incoming TELNET service is
available via a "protocol translation" Vax which pretends to be
CMU-CS-A (and eventually CMU-CS-B when it is converted to a KI-10
processor) to the outside world and performs the appropriate
conversions to function across the local network. FTP service is
available only by using a Vax as an intermediate relay host to/from
which files may be shipped before/after sending/retrieving them via the
Internet. Outgoing TELNET service will not be supported until the full
IP/TCP implementation which is under development elsewhere for TOPS-10
is made available for use. At the present time we are the only TOPS-10
site supporting any type of TCP access.
.
TOPS-20: Not yet supported. A joint DEC/BBN IP/TCP implementation
was released by DEC on December 15. It has been imported and is
currently awaiting installation into our system. We expect this to be
completed by the end of January.
.
Vax/VMS: Not yet supported. An implementation is being imported from
Tektronix but we expect that it may need a moderate amount of effort to
convert for our ethernet environment. There is currently no estimate
of when this software will be available for use.
.
CAVEATS: Although the ARPAnet protocol translation effort has been
underway for many years and January 1, 1983 deadline is almost upon us,
the conversion effort is far from complete at all sites. We expect a
significant degradation in ARPAnet communication lasting for several months
as the new protocols go into use in a production enviroment network-wide
and the various implementations are "shaken down" with respect to
each other.
.
As of today, we have reasonably stable communication with only a
handful of sites (BBN, ISI, PURDUE, RUTGERS, NPRDC) largely as a result
of the as yet apparent inability of most of the others to communicate
via the new protocols. We do expect that as the January 1st deadline
approaches many additional sites will come on-line with the new
protocol support, but we have no way of knowing how many sites this will
involve. We are extremely interested in hearing about any and all
communications problems encountered with accessing other sites after
January 1st. Please report any problems to Gripe and we will attempt
to resolve them as best we can.

=

31-Dec-82 23:11 Ken Wertz at CMU-CS-A TCP reminder
This is a reminder that the ArpaNet will begin using IP/TCP exclusively
effective 1-Jan-83 00:01. You should re-read Howard Wactlar's bboard message
of 23-Dec-82 for details about CMU's network status and likely side-effects of
this transition.

=

